Update mtls images and canary upgrade (#936)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/Features/security.md

> Kiali gives support to better understand how mTLS is used in Istio meshes. Find those helpers in the graph, the masthead menu, the overview page and specific validations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kiali gives support to better understand how mTLS is used in Istio meshes. Find those helpers in the Mesh page, Traffic Graph, Overview Page, and specific validations.
```
